NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's"...
MC: AND IT'S OFFICIAL!
WE HAVE A NEW CHAMPION!
THE CROWN HAS BEEN PASSED
ON TO YUSEI FUDO!
[THINKING]
I MAY HAVE BEATEN JACK,
BUT I'VE GOT A FEELING
THAT A NEW BATTLE
IS ABOUT TO BEGIN.
DON'T WORRY.
MISTER ATLAS IS
GONNA BE FINE.
WE JUST NEED TO GET HIM
TO THE CLINIC FOR SOME
ROUTINE TESTS.
JACK, WHAT DID WE SEE
IN THAT LIGHT?
ACCORDING TO LEGEND,
THE CRIMSON DRAGON'S
HEAD, WINGS, HANDS,
LEGS, AND TAIL,
WERE SPLIT
INTO FIVE PARTS
AND THEN SEALED AWAY
AS MARKS
ON THE ORIGINAL SIGNERS.
THE MARKS WERE
THEN PASSED DOWN
THROUGH THE GENERATIONS.
Leo: SO LUNA'S
A SIGNER,
JACK'S A SIGNER,
AKIZA'S A SIGNER,
AND YUSEI'S A SIGNER.
SO WHO'S
THE OTHER ONE?
[BEEPING]
CARLY, WHERE ARE YA!?
WELL, SIR, I FOUND
A BIG SCOOP.
A CONSPIRACY
AT THE FORTUNE CUP!
THIS ONE MIGHT LEAD
ALL THE WAY TO THE TOP.
SO GOODWIN HAS ASSEMBLED
HIS PRECIOUS SIGNERS
AND SUMMONED
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
I THINK IT'S TIME WE
MAKE OUR PRESENCE KNOWN.
WE MUST LOWER
THE CURTAIN OF SHADOWS
ON DOMINO CITY.
THE DAWN OF THE SPIDER
HAS COME.
AND SOON IT SHALL CLOAK
THIS WORLD IN DARKNESS.
HA HA HA!
WHO ARE YOU?
I AM A SHADOW DRONE
AND IF YOU SEEK THE TRUTH,
THEN MY MASTER SAYS YOU
MUST DUEL ME FOR IT.
YOU GOT YOURSELF
A DUEL.
GO, SCRAP FIST!
Computer:
DUEL DISK SIGNALS DETECTED.
THOSE NUMBERS
CAN'T BE RIGHT.
READINGS DON'T
GET THAT STRONG.
WHAT WAS THAT
LIGHT DOWN THERE?
COME FORTH,
FROZEN FITZGERALD!
A DARK
SYNCHRO SUMMON.
HOW DO I
BATTLE THAT?
[THINKING]
SOON, THE WHOLE WORLD
WILL KNOW WHAT GOODWIN'S
TRYING TO HIDE.
Yusei, thinking:
I GOTTA FIGURE OUT
HOW TO BEAT
THIS SHADOW DRONE
OR I'LL NEVER FIND
OUT THE TRUTH.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
ONE OF OUR DRONES
HAS CAPTURED A FLY.
GOOD.
AND WHICH OF
THE SIGNERS DID HE FIND?
YUSEI FUDO,
THE NEW CHAMPION
FROM THE SATELLITE.
HE DUELED
WITH GREAT STRENGTH
IN THE FORTUNE CUP,
BUT LET'S SEE IF
HIS POWER IS STRONG ENOUGH
TO ESCAPE OUR TRAP!
Yusei: ALRIGHT,
MR. MYSTERY MAN.
WHAT ARE YOU
PLANNING TO DO
TO THE SATELLITE?
CONTINUE THE DUEL,
AND I'LL TELL
YOU EVERYTHING.
FINE THEN.
HUH?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT'S SOME SORTA...
UNDERGROUND DUEL.
WAIT...
YUSEI?!
WHAT IS HE
DOING HERE?!
STAY COOL, CARLY,
AND JUST START
RECORDING.
OKAY...
THIS IS FIELD REPORTER
CARLY CARMINE
COMING TO YOU LIVE
FROM, UM,
SOME KIND OF PARKING
GARAGE THING I GUESS.
BUT! THE BIG STORY
HERE IS,
NEW DOMINO CITY'S
NEWEST CHAMP
IN AN UNDERGROUND
DUEL WITH...
UM... SOME GUY IN
A, IN A BATH ROBE,
WITH A GLOWING ARM
LIKE YUSEI'S.
HA! YOU'RE NO MATCH
FOR THE DARKNESS, YUSEI!
AND I'LL PROVE IT TO YOU
BY PLAYING THE DARK TUNER
CATASTROGUE WHICH
WILL SEND YOUR MONSTER
TO THE SHADOWS!
HA HA HA!
Computer: WHEN DARK TUNER
CATASTROGUE IS USED
TO SUMMON A SYNCHRO MONSTER
YOU CAN DESTROY ONE CARD
ON YOUR OPPONENTS
SIDE OF THE FIELD.
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
[GROWLS]
JUNK WARRIOR! NO!
Carly: "DARK TUNER"?
THAT'S A NEW ONE!
I WONDER WHAT ELSE
THIS GUY HAS?!
LIKE THE FLY CAUGHT
IN THE WEB,
THERE'S NO ESCAPE.
FROZEN FITZGERALD,
ATTACK!!!
NOT SO FAST!
WHAT?
MY MONSTER PREVENTS
YOU FROM USING
ANY TRAP OR SPELL CARDS.
YOU'RE TRAPPED
IN THE THREADS OF DARKNESS
AND AS LONG AS YOU
BELIEVE IN THE POWER
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON
THERE IS NO HOPE!
UNH! AAH! UNH!
[THINKING]
IF I WANT TO SAVE
THE SATELLITE,
I BETTER FIGURE
OUT A WAY TO BEAT
THIS GUY AND FAST!
Carly: I'M NOT SURE
WHAT WE'RE SEEING,
BUT YUSEI SEEMS
REALLY HURT!
COULD IT BE THAT
THESE DARK MONSTERS'
ATTACKS ARE REAL?!
YOU'RE NO MATCH
FOR THE FORCES I REPRESENT!
SOON, LIKE ALL LIGHT
IN THE UNIVERSE YOU
TOO SHALL FADE.
WHO ARE YOU?!
ARE YOU WORKING
FOR GOODWIN?
HIM? NOT QUITE.
I DRAW...
AND NO MATTER
WHO SENT YOU HERE,
I'M GONNA BEAT YOU
AND GET THE ANSWERS
I WANT!
I PLAY THE TRAP CARD
DESCENDING LOST STAR.
SO NOW I CAN
RE-SUMMON A MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD...
AND I'M BRINGING BACK
MY JUNK WARRIOR!
BUT I THINK I'LL
BE TRADING HIM IN
TO UPGRADE
FOR SOMETHING THAT
HAS JUST A LITTLE
MORE HORSEPOWER:
LIKE MY TURRET WARRIOR!
NOW JUNK WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS GET
ADDED TO HIS!
LET'S SEE YOUR
"DARKNESS" STAND UP
TO 20,000 WATTS
OF LIGHT!
TURRET WARRIOR, SHOW
'EM WHAT I MEAN!
ATTAAAAACK!!!
AAH! OHH!
UNH!
[GROANING]
CLOSE ONE!
YOUR PATHETIC ATTEMPT
TO DESTROY THE DARKNESS
HAS FAILED.
YOU HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING
HERE BUT DELAY YOUR FATE,
MY POOR YUSEI.
FROZEN FITZGERALD RETURNS
TO MY FIELD IF HE'S EVER
DESTROYED IN BATTLE!
WHAT?!
AND THERE'S MORE.
IF ANY OF YOUR MONSTERS
ATTACKED MINE,
THEN THEY'RE
AUTOMATICALLY DESTROYED!
AFTER ALL, REVENGE
IS A DISH
BEST SERVED ICE COLD!
ERGHH!
[THINKING]
OH, MAN, I GOTTA
FIGURE OUT A WAY
AROUND THAT
MONSTER OF HIS
BECAUSE IF I LOSE,
THAT VISION
OF THE SATELLITE
BEING DESTROYED
MIGHT COME TRUE.
WE SENSE YOUR FEAR.
IT GROWS LIKE
WAXING NIGHT.
LIKE MY MONSTERS,
THE DARK SIGNERS
WILL ALWAYS WIN.
WHAT?! IS THAT
WHO YOU ARE?!
DON'T BE SO SURPRISED.
LIGHT AND DARK ARE
TWO SIDES OF ONE COIN,
WE ARE THE SAME.
SORRY, NEVER GOT
THE MEMBERSHIP KIT.
AMUSING. BUT WILL YOU
FIND IT AS FUNNY
WHEN YOUR WORLD
IS DESTROYED?
SO THE VISION
WAS TRUE?!
THAT'S RIGHT.
THE DARK SIGNERS POSSESS
A POWER THAT WILL ERASE
THE LIGHT OF YOUR MARK
AND EVERYTHING YOU HOPE
TO SAVE WITH IT.
NOT ON MY WATCH.
TO PROVE IT I PLAY
THE SPELL ONE FOR ONE!
SO BY SENDING
ONE MONSTER
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN THEN SUMMON
ANOTHER MONSTER
FROM MY HAND,
LIKE MY: SONIC CHICK!
[SCREECHES]
LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU GOT!
CAREFUL WHAT YOU ASK FOR
BECAUSE WE HAVE
THE STRENGTH
OF THE ETERNAL SHADOWS
BORN OF THE GREAT ECLIPSE
WHEN TIME BEGAN.
WELL RIGHT NOW THE ONLY
POWER THAT COUNTS IS
THE STRENGTH
IN YOUR DECK
AND I KNOW MY CARDS
WON'T LET ME DOWN.
BRAVE WORDS.
ESPECIALLY FROM SOMEONE
CLINGING TO HIS LAST
FEW LIFE POINTS!
NOW, AS YOU STATED...
WHY DON'T WE JUST
LEAVE IT UP
TO THE DECK
IN MY HAND?
I EQUIP FROZEN FITZGERALD
WITH DRAIN STRIKE!
NOW, ONCE I ATTACK
YOUR SONIC CHICK,
ALL THOSE EXTRA ATTACK POINTS
ARE JUST THROWN AWAY.
IN FACT, HALF
OF THEM REPLENISH
MY BOUNTIFUL LIFE POINTS,
WHILE YOU GET
THE OTHER HALF...
AS DAMAGE!
ATTACK!
WIPE HIS MARK CLEAN!
HA HA HA!
SOON YOU
WILL BE FINISHED
AS WILL YOUR
PRECIOUS SATELLITE!
SOON, THE POWER
OF THE SPIDER'S THREAD
WILL SQUEEZE THE LAST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS TO ZERO
AND ABSORB YOU
INTO THE NETHERWORLD.
I'LL NEVER
LET THAT HAPPEN!
TRY ALL YOU WANT,
BUT IN THE END,
THE DARKNESS WILL CONSUME
YOU AND YOUR PRECIOUS HOME!
I WONT' LET IT!
THIS WEB IS
ALREADY WOVEN.
IF YOU KNOW SO MUCH
ABOUT THE FUTURE,
THEN YOU SHOULD KNOW
THAT I'M GOING TO
STOP YOU RIGHT NOW!
HA! BUT HOW CAN YOU STOP ME
WHEN YOU WON'T EVEN BE
HERE FOR ONE MORE ROUND?
WELL THEN LET'S
FINISH THIS
AND SEE WHO'S RIGHT.
IT'S MY MOVE!
I SUMMON
NITRO SYNCHRON!
AND WITH HIM ON MY FIELD
I CAN RE-SUMMON
ONE MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
SO I'M BRINGING BACK
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
IN ATTACK MODE!
NEXT I ACTIVATE
GRACEFUL REVIVAL.
WHICH LETS ME BRING
ANOTHER MONSTER BACK
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
TO THE FIELD:
WELCOME BACK,
SPEED WARRIOR!
AND NOW I TUNE
SONIC CHICK,
SPEED WARRIOR,
AND QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
WITH MY NITRO SYNCHRON
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON...
NITRO WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
[ROARS]
AND THANKS TO
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY,
I GET TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD!
AND NOW I'M GIVING MY
WARRIOR A POWER BOOST!
NEXT I ACTIVATE
NITRO WARRIOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH GIVES HIM
AN EXTRA ONE THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS
BECAUSE I
PLAYED THE SPELL CARD
JUNK BARRAGE.
AND NOW... ATTACK
FROZEN FITZGERALD!
AND BECAUSE I
USED THE POWER
OF MY JUNK BARRAGE,
YOUR LIFE POINTS NOW
TAKE AN ADDITIONAL HIT!
THAT DOESN'T FAZE ME!
CAUSE MY FROZEN
FIEND WILL COME BACK
AND DESTROY YOU
ON MY NEXT TURN!
[GROWLS]
DON'T COUNT ON IT!
HUH?
SEE MY NITRO WARRIOR'S
GOT ANOTHER
SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH ALLOWS HIM TO
SWITCH YOUR MONSTER
INTO ATTACK MODE
AND THEN ATTACK
YOU AGAIN!
SO PREPARE TO FEEL
THE FURY
OF MY NITRO WARRIOR'S
DYNAMITE CRUNCH!
ATTACK!
HUH?
[GROANING]
AND WITH YOUR
MONSTER DESTROYED,
I CAN
FINISH YOU OFF!
[GROANING]
WHOA. IT LOOKS LIKE...
YUSEI JUST WON THE MATCH!
AND IT'S ON TAPE!
I JUST GOT THE SCOOP
OF THE CENTURY!
UNH! UGH!
AHH!
WAKE UP!
HEY, YOU OWE ME SOME
ANSWERS, GOT THAT?
START TALKIN'!
START TALKIN'
ABOUT WHAT?
OHH. WHO ARE YOU?
WHAT AM'I DOIN' HERE?!
STOP FOOLING AROUND
AND TELL ME WHAT
YOUR SPIDER MARK
HAS TO DO
WITH THE SATELLITE!
HUH?
[THINKING]
HIS MARK! IT'S GONE!
HI I'M CARLY CARMINE,
AND I WAS HOPING YOU'D TELL
ME WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE
THE FIRST AMATEUR TO
TAKE ON DOMINO CITY'S
NEW CHAMP?
AND WHY ARE
YOU ASKING?!
BECAUSE I'M
A WORLD RENOWNED REPORTER,
AND THIS IS GONNA BE
MY BIGGEST STORY EVER.
NOW, PERHAPS YOU
WOULDN'T MIND ANSWERING
A FEW THINGS.
FIRST, WERE YOU
ALWAYS PLANNING TO USE
NITRO WARRIOR
TRIPLE-SYNCHRO SUMMON?
TWO, DID YOU HAVE
A COUNTER FOR FROZEN
FITZY'S RE-SUMMONING?
THREE. IS THIS SOME
PUBLICITY STUNT?
WHY WOULD I BE A PART
OF SOME PUBLICITY STUNT?
BECAUSE HE BEAT
JACK ATLAS
AND MAYBE HE'S TRYING
TO SHOWCASE HIS
STREET TECHNIQUES!
[THINKING]
THERE ARE CARDS
MISSING.
HIS DARK TUNER AND
DARK SYNCHRO MONSTER
HAVE VANISHED.
THIS GUY'S
THE NEW CHAMPION?
AND I TRIED TO
DUEL HIM?
SO WHAT YOU'RE SAYING
IS YOU DON'T KNOW
WHY YOU'RE HERE,
WHY YOU'RE DUELING,
AND WHY YOUR ARM HAD
A SPIDER ON IT.
SPIDER.
WAIT, THAT REMINDS
ME OF SOMETHING...
I WAS DOWN IN THE NARROWS
WAITING FOR A COUPLE
OF DUEL BUDDIES
WHEN OUT OF NOWHERE...
IT FELT LIKE SOME
KINDA SPIDER STUNG ME
OR SOMETHING.
A SPIDER?!
[ALARM BLARES]
WHO CALLED SECURITY?!
WE BETTER GET OUTTA
HERE BEFORE THEY
START ASKING
QUESTIONS.
B-BUT MY INTERVIEW!
WE'LL FINISH
IT LATER!
WAIT! JUST ONE
MORE QUESTION!
COME ON!
WAIT!
AAH!
PLEASE! DON'T LEAVE
ME BEHIND!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING,
HUH?!
I LOST THE BEST
SCOOP EVER!
SO, ARE YOU TWO
RESPONSIBLE
FOR ALL THIS
PROPERTY DAMAGE?
WHAT?
OH... THAT.
HANDS UP!
AAH!
ERR.
IT SEEMS THE FLY
HAS ESCAPED
THE SPIDER'S WEB.
FOR THE MOMENT,
KALIN, YES.
BUT THIS WAS JUST A TEST
TO SEE IF THIS SATELLITE
WAS TRULY WORTHY
OF OUR EFFORTS.
REMEMBER THAT OUR WEB
IS WIDE AND STRONG.
THE SPIDER'S BITE
SWIFT AND MERCILESS.
IT'S NOT THE VENOM
WE NEED TO CHANGE
BUT THE PREY.
HA HA HA!
HEY! WHERE'D YOU RUN OFF
TO LAST NIGHT?
I WAS GETTIN' WORRIED.
THERE WAS REALLY
STRANGE GUY OUTSIDE,
AND I FOLLOWED HIM.
WHAT HAPPENED?!
DID HE CHALLENGE
YOU TO A DUEL?
YEAH. AND HE WAS
BEING CONTROLLED
BY A GROUP CALLED
THE DARK SIGNERS.
DID YOU SAY
SIGNERS?!
HE HAD A MARK.
AND IT GLOWED LIKE MINE,
BUT IT WAS IN THE SHAPE
OF A SPIDER...
ATTACK!
WIPE HIS MARK CLEAN.
SO, THEY'VE FINALLY
MADE THEIR MOVE.
THE DARK SIGNERS MAY
PRESENT A PROBLEM.
YES, BUT THEY'RE
NOTHING WE CAN'T
HANDLE,
MY OLD FRIEND.
IF THEY WANT TO
FIGHT ME, WELL...
THEY'LL GET MORE
THAN A BATTLE,
THEY'LL GET A WAR.
PEOPLE OF THE SATELLITE,
THE HAND YOU HAVE BEEN DEALT
IN LIFE IS NOT YOUR FAULT.
LAY BLAME ON NEW DOMINO CITY
AND ITS CRIMSON DRAGON!
FOR THE CRIMSON DRAGON
WILL ONLY PUSH THE PEOPLE
OF THE SATELLITE
DOWN FURTHER!
LISTEN TO THE WORDS
WE SPEAK TODAY
IF YOU WANT A BETTER LIFE!
THE STRENGTH
OF THE DARK SHADOWS
WILL RESCUE YOU ALL!
IT WILL RELEASE YOU
FROM THIS DESPAIR
YOU CALL LIFE!
BELIEVE MY WORDS
AND FOLLOW US!
RISE UP AS BROTHERS!
WE CAN DISPEL
THE PAIN OF POVERTY!
WE CAN TAKE AWAY
YOUR TROUBLES FOREVER!
WHAT'S THAT?
I FEEL TINGLY.
YOU SHALL FIGHT
THE CRIMSON DRAGON!
WE SHALL FIGHT
WE SHALL...
Rally: WHAT ARE THESE
CHEERLEADING TRYOUTS?!
HUH?
WELL, THEY BETTER BE
BECAUSE THE LAST THING
YOU WANT TO DO IS FIGHT
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
UH, RALLY...
YOU SHOULD ALL
BE ASHAMED!
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
HELPED YUSEI WIN!
'N' YOU'RE STANDING HERE
CHEERING AND TALKING BAD
ABOUT STUFF YOU
KNOW NOTHING ABOUT?!
THE DRAGON HELPED YUSEI?
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
THAT'S RIGHT!
SO HOW ABOUT
AN APOLOGY?!
CAUSE WHEN YUSEI GETS
BACK, HE'LL PROVE
TO ALL OF YOU THAT
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
IS GOOD
FOR THE SATELLITE.
WILL YOU BE QUIET?!
HEY! I GOTTA RIGHT
TO SAY WHAT I WANT!
BUT CHECK OUT
YOUR AUDIENCE!
IT'S LIKE THEY'RE A BUNCH
OF ZOMBIES WHO DON'T
AGREE
WITH YOUR POINT OF VIEW!
YOU MIGHT HAVE
A POINT, NERVIN.
LET'S GET OUTTA HERE NOW!
[THINKING]
THE LITTLE ONE'S
GOT SOME GUTS.
Rally:
I DON'T BELIEVE IT!
WHY WOULD A REPORTER
WRITE AN ARTICLE SAYING
THAT YUSEI
AIN'T THE CHAMP!
WE WATCH'D IT LIVE!
YEAH THERE WAS
THAT FLASH OF LIGHT,
AND NO ONE SAW WHAT
REALLY HAPPENED
WHEN THEY
VAN'SHED BUT...
TANK, STOP "HELPING."
WE ALL SAW HIM WIN.
YUSEI'S
THA ONE TRUE CHAMP!
COME'ON, BLITZ!
THIS WHOLE THING'S
ABOUT CLASS WARFARE!
PEOPLE DON'T WANT
SOME STREET URCHIN
FROM THE SATELLITE
AS THEIR NEW DUEL CHAMP!
Man: GOOD TO KNOW YUSEI'S
GOT SUCH "SUPPORTERS."
HEY!
WHO ARE YOU?!
A FRIEND. BUT IF YUSEI
TOLD ME ABOUT YOUR MANNERS,
I MIGHT'VE STAYED HOME.
Carly:
YUSEI'S A FRAUD??!!
WHY WOULD ANGELA DO IT?!
THERE'S NOT ONE
CREDIBLE SOURCE
IN THIS ENTIRE ARTICLE!
HOW DARE SHE SMEAR
YUSEI LIKE THAT.
SHE'S GONNA WISH
SHE NEVER WROTE THIS!
Man: BE QUIET!
HEY! YOU WANNA TALK?
SAVE IT FOR
THE INTERROGATION ROOM!
IN-INTERROGATION?!
WELL, I STILL
HAVE YOU.
LET'S SEE WHAT MY
FORTUNE DECK SAYS NOW?!
SUPER PINCH?!
SO WHAT YOU'RE TELLING ME
IS THAT THIS IS GONNA BE
A BAD DAY?
UH, DUH,
I'M STUCK IN JAIL,
I LOST MY STORY,
AND NOW ANGELA'S
PLASTERING THE HEADLINES
WITH LIES.
WHAT ELSE?
WHAT ELSE ARE YOU
GONNA TRY TO TELL ME, HUH?!
LISTEN UP IN THERE!
I SAID BE QUIET!
I NEED A GET OUT
OF SECTOR SECURITY
FOR FREE CARD!
HEY. HOWZ IT GOIN'?
NOT GOOD, MY SEARCHES
ON SPIDER SYMBOLS AREN'T
TURNING UP
ANY SOLID LEADS.
I KNOW YOU'LL FIND
A WAY TO SAVE
THE SATELLITE,
YUSEI!
COUNT ON IT, YANAGI,
BUT FIRST I'M GONNA
HAVE TO GET
SOME ANSWERS.
AND ONLY ONE
PERSON HAS THEM.
I NEED TO FIND GOODWIN.
BUT YOU CAN'T
TRUST HIM!
YEAH! YOU FORGET HE
LOCKED YOU UP?
HE'S NOT YOUR FRIEND!
BUT HE'S THE ONLY ONE
WITH ANSWERS.
Luna: WHO?
YOU'RE LEAVING,
BUT IT'S NOT SAFE
FOR YOU OUT THERE!
PLEASE DON'T GO!
I HAVE TO. THE PEOPLE
IN THE SATELLITE ARE
IN DANGER
AND I HAVE TO TRY
AND HELP THEM SOME HOW.
STAY HERE!
YOU'LL, BE SAFER
IN THE CITY!
CAUSE WHO KNOWS
WHAT'S OUT THERE!
AND WHAT IF
IT'S TRUE!
WHAT IF SOME
SPIDER'S
GONNA DESTROY
ALL OF
THE SATELLITE?!
HE'S RIGHT!
DON'T LEAVE!
WHAT IF YOU GET STUCK
AND CAN'T GET BACK
HERE EVER AGAIN?
HUH?
DON'T WORRY.
IN FACT, I ALREADY
MADE ARRANGEMENTS
FOR SOME BACK UP.
YOU'RE GETTING
A BODY GUARD?
[SIRENS]
HUH?
HEH.
HUH.
LOOKS LIKE
MY RIDE'S HERE.
ALRIGHT, YUSEI,
I GOT YOUR MESSAGE.
NOW GET YOUR DECK
AND GET DOWN HERE!
I'M NOT GONNA WAIT ALL
DAY JUST BECAUSE WE'RE
TEAMING UP TEMPORARILY
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?!
TRUDGE IS YOUR
"PROTECTION?!"
HE'S MORE.
IF HE GETS ME
TO GOODWIN SAFELY,
WE JUST MIGHT HAVE
TO CALL TRUDGE
ONE OF
THE GOOD GUYS.
WELL WHAT ARE WE
WAITIN' FOR?
LET'S ROLL OUT!